Practice Questions - Ethan Iwama
---
1. How do you assess the statistical significance of an insight?
   We ask how likely an observed effect is observed assuming the null hypothesis is true.
   This probability is called the pvalue (it's determined through a statistical test), and if it
   exceeds our significance level (often 0.05) then we can reject null hypothesis and determine
   that the insight tested is statistically significant.

2. What is the Central Limit Theorem? Explain it. Why is it important?
   Essentially, as the number of samples we take increases, the more the distribution of our samples
   becomes Gaussian/Normal. It means that for large sample sizes, we can treat the distribution of
   the data as if it were normal regardless of the actual distribution of the data points. Normal
   distributions have been very well studied, so it's easier to make inferences from them.

3. What is the statistical power?
   The probability of correctly rejecting the null hypothesis when the alternate hypothesis is true.

4. How do you control for biases?
   By taking random samples - by randomly assigning units of analysis to specific treatments.
   The randomness means we can avoid other factors affecting the results.

5. What are confounding variables?
   Variables that confound the relationship between independent and dependent variables, typically
   because the confounding variable affects the independent variable in some way, which in turn
   affects the dependent variable.

6. What is A/B testing?
   It can also be considered "head-to-head" testing; you're testing how the dependent variables change
   given how you change the independent variable in different tests. For example, if you want to see
   if a security camera in a store lowers crime, you watch two stores where one has a camera and the
   other doesn't, then you compare.

7. What are confidence intervals?
   A range of values that contains a population parameter. We can then determine a confidence that the
   true value is somewhere within that range.